enh(registrer): Add registration of servers (#354)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/installation/installation-of-a-poller/using-centreon-iso.md

reboot
```

## Register the server

To register it to the Centreon Central server or a Remote server, execute the following command:

``` shell
/opt/rh/rh-php72/root/bin/php /usr/share/centreon/bin/registerServerTopology.php -u <API_ACCOUNT> \
-t Poller -h <IP_CENTREON_CENTRAL> -n <REMOTE_SERVER_NAME>
```

Example:

``` shell
/opt/rh/rh-php72/root/bin/php /usr/share/centreon/bin/registerServerTopology.php -u admin -t Poller -h 192.168.0.1 -n poller-1
```

> Replace **<IP_CENTREON_CENTRAL>** by the IP of the Centreon server seen by the poller or by the Remote Server if you

> > want to link your server to it..

Reviewer: I can't find where the software collection repository installation is explained for a poller
As php-cli-72 is required

> HTTPS://<IP_CENTREON_CENTRAL>:PORT

Then follow instructions by
1. Entering your password:

``` shell
192.168.0.1: please enter your password
```

2. Define if you use a proxy to connect to Centreon central or the Remote Server:

``` shell
Are you using a proxy ? (y/n)n
```

If you use a proxy, please define credentials:

``` shell
Are you using a proxy ? (y/n)y

proxy host: myproxy.example.com

proxy port: 3128

proxy username (press enter if no username/password are required): myuser

please enter the proxy password:
```

3. Then validate the information:

``` shell
Summary of the informations that will be send:

Api Connection:
username: admin
password: ******
target server: 192.168.0.1

Pending Registration Server:
name: poller-1
type: poller
address: 192.168.0.2
parent server address: 192.168.0.1

Do you want to register this server with those informations ? (y/n)y
```

You will receive the validation of the Centreon central or the Remote Server server:

``` shell
message: The 'poller-1' Platform: 'poller-1@192.168.0.2.2' linked to '192.168.0.1' has been added
```

### Main errors messages

``` shell
error code: 401
error message: Invalid credentials
```

> > You credetials are incorrect for the **<API_ACCOUNT>**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Your credentials are incorrect for the **<API_ACCOUNT>**.
```

reboot
```

## Register the server

Install the Software Collections repository using this command:

```shell
yum install -y centos-release-scl
```

To register it to the Centreon Central server or a Remote server, execute the following command:

``` shell
/opt/rh/rh-php72/root/bin/php /usr/share/centreon/bin/registerServerTopology.php -u <API_ACCOUNT> \

> -t Poller -h <IP_CENTREON_CENTRAL> -n <POLLER_NAME>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-t Poller -h <IP_TARGET_NODE> -n <POLLER_NAME>
```

```

2. Define if you use a proxy to connect to Centreon central or the Remote Server:

``` shell
Are you using a proxy ? (y/n)n
```

If you use a proxy, please define credentials:

``` shell
Are you using a proxy ? (y/n)y

proxy host: myproxy.example.com

proxy port: 3128

proxy username (press enter if no username/password are required): myuser

please enter the proxy password:
```

3. Select the IP adress:

```shell
Found IP on CURRENT NODE:
   [1]: 192.168.0.2
Which IP do you want to use as CURRENT NODE IP ?1
```

4. Then validate the information:

``` shell
Summary of the informations that will be send:

Api Connection:
username: admin
password: ******
target server: 192.168.0.1

Pending Registration Server:
name: poller-1
type: poller
address: 192.168.0.2

Do you want to register this server with those informations ? (y/n)y
```

You will receive the validation of the Centreon central or the Remote Server server:

``` shell
2020-10-16T17:19:37+02:00 [INFO]: The CURRENT NODE 'poller': 'poller-1@192.168.0.2' linked to TARGET NODE: '192.168.0.1' has been added
```

### Main errors messages

``` shell
error code: 401
error message: Invalid credentials

> ```

Reviewer 2: This section isn't up to date

> Your credentials are incorrect for the **<API_ACCOUNT>**.

``` shell
error code: 500
error message: Access Denied.

> ```

Reviewer 2: This section isn't up to date

> The **<API_ACCOUNT>** doesn't have access to configuration API.

``` shell
error code: 400
error message: Can't connect to the api

> ```

Reviewer 2: This section isn't up to date
